Updated as per Issue #7428 (#7435)
mattermost/docs: source/collaborate/install-desktop-app.rst

From Mattermost desktop v5.3, you can download a diagnostics text file via **Help > Run diagnostics**, which can be attached to a Support ticket.

Desktop App displays white screen while launching and doesn't load the page
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> 1. Delete the local ``Mattermost desktop app`` configuration file. For file location details, refer to: `Where is configuration stored locally? <#where-is-configuration-stored-locally>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Delete the local ``Mattermost desktop app`` configuration file. See the `Where is configuration stored locally? <#where-is-configuration-stored-locally>`__ section above for file location details.
```
